final update (#3)
ScreaMy7/owasp-mastg: techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0118.md

> platform: android 

Reviewer: Change the MASTG-TECH filename to MASTG-TECH-0126.md

---

> Permissions in Android applications are obtained through various mechanisms to access sensitive data and system features, such as the camera, location, or storage. Required permissions are declared in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file using `<uses-permission>` tags. There are several ways to obtain permissions from an Android application. Below are the tools and techniques commonly used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Android applications, permissions are acquired through different methods to access sensitive information and system functionalities, including the camera, location, or storage. The necessary permissions are specified in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file with `<uses-permission>` tags.
```
